README.md, before:

# signal-3dstk

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/3DStreamingToolkit/signal-3dstk.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/3DStreamingToolkit/signal-3dstk)

[![Deploy to Azure](https://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png)](https://azuredeploy.net/)

[3DStreamingToolkit](https://github.com/catalystcode/3dstreamingtoolkit) webrtc signal implementation, using `http` :satellite:


This enables webrtc peer communication across the [3DStreamingToolkit](https://github.com/catalystcode/3dstreamingtoolkit) server/client stack. This means that it can be used to faciliate communication between N clients, N peers, and/or both. It uses `http` as a protocol, and can run over `https` as well. Further, authentication can be toggled on, requiring clients to provide valid [OAuth 2.0](https://oauth.net/2/) tokens in order to successfully access the service.

This implementation is built on top of the following components:

+ [express](https://github.com/expressjs/express)
+ [webrtc-signal-http](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http)
+ [webrtc-signal-http-heartbeat](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http-heartbeat)
+ [webrtc-signal-http-capacity](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http-capacity)
+ [webrtc-signal-http-peer-identification](https://github.com/KanishkT123/webrtc-signal-http-peer-identification)
+ [webrtc-signal-http-publisher](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http-publisher)
+ [passport](https://github.com/jaredhanson/passport)
+ [passport-azure-ad](https://github.com/AzureAD/passport-azure-ad)

## Getting started

This implementation supports the following configuration settings, controlled via environment variables:

+ `PORT` - the port to start the server on
+ `WEBRTC_SIGNAL_LOGGING` - boolean flag indicating if [bunyan](https://github.com/trentm/node-bunyan) logging should be enabled
+ `WEBRTC_HEARTBEAT_ENABLED` - boolean flag indicating if [webrtc-signal-http-heartbeat](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http-heartbeat) should be enabled
+ `WEBRTC_HEARTBEAT_MS` - (requires heartbeat) number of `ms` after which a client is marked as stale and removed if they have not issued a `GET /heartbeat`
+ `WEBRTC_HEARTBEAT_GC_MS` - (requires heartbeat) number of `ms` at which the stale clients are "garbage collected" and removed
+ `WEBRTC_AUTH_ENABLED` - boolean flag indicating if [passport-azure-ad](https://github.com/AzureAD/passport-azure-ad) should be enabled
+ `WEBRTC_AUTH_B2C_APP_ID` - Azure AD B2C application id. required if auth is enabled
+ `WEBRTC_AUTH_B2C_TENANT_ID` - Azure AD B2C tenant id. required if auth is enabled
+ `WEBRTC_AUTH_B2C_POLICY_NAME` - Azure AD B2C policy name. likely `b2c_1_signup`. required if auth is enabled
+ `WEBRTC_AUTH_APP_ID` - Azure AD application id. required if auth is enabled
+ `WEBRTC_AUTH_TENANT_ID` - Azure AD tenant id. required if auth is enabled
+ `WEBRTC_CAPACITY_ENABLED` - boolean flag indicating if [webrtc-signal-http-capacity](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http-capacity) should be enabled
+ `WEBRTC_RECOGNITION_ENABLED` - boolean flag indicating if [webrtc-signal-http-peer-identification](https://github.com/KanishkT123/webrtc-signal-http-peer-identification) should be enabled
+ `WEBRTC_PEERID_RESPECT_CAPACITY` - hands out peers such that capacity reported by the [webrtc-signal-http-capacity](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http-capacity) plugin is respected
+ `WEBRTC_PEERID_PAIRING` - pairs clients to servers. if `WEBRTC_PEERID_RESPECT_CAPACITY` is set, capacity will be considered, otherwise 1:1 pairings will be used
+ `WEBRTC_PUBLISH_STATE` - boolean flag indicating if [webrtc-signal-http-publisher](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http-publisher) should be enabled
+ `WEBRTC_PUBLISH_URI` - uri to publish state of the world as-per [webrtc-signal-http-publisher](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http-publisher)
+ `WEBRTC_TRUST_PROXY` - boolean flag indicating that the proxy should be trusted, and the 'x-forwarded-for' header should be used to discover ip. If you need ip data, and are on Azure, you need this.

## RESTful API

See:

+ [webrtc-signal-http](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http)
+ [webrtc-signal-http-heartbeat](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http-heartbeat)
+ [webrtc-signal-http-capacity](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http-capacity)

Our API is simply those APIs combined, with this added requirement:

All requests must have a valid `Authorization: Bearer <token>` header if `WEBRTC_AUTH_ENABLED` is `true`. See [the AzureAD docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-protocols-oauth-code) to learn how to acquire one.

## Docker

Building: `docker build -t 3dtoolkit-signal .`
Running: `docker run --rm -it -p 3000:3000 3dtoolkit-signal`

## License

MIT

Commit message:

fix and docuement basic cors support

README.md, after:

# signal-3dstk

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/3DStreamingToolkit/signal-3dstk.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/3DStreamingToolkit/signal-3dstk)

[![Deploy to Azure](https://azuredeploy.net/deploybutton.png)](https://azuredeploy.net/)

[3DStreamingToolkit](https://github.com/catalystcode/3dstreamingtoolkit) webrtc signal implementation, using `http` :satellite:


This enables webrtc peer communication across the [3DStreamingToolkit](https://github.com/catalystcode/3dstreamingtoolkit) server/client stack. This means that it can be used to faciliate communication between N clients, N peers, and/or both. It uses `http` as a protocol, and can run over `https` as well. Further, authentication can be toggled on, requiring clients to provide valid [OAuth 2.0](https://oauth.net/2/) tokens in order to successfully access the service.

This implementation is built on top of the following components:

+ [express](https://github.com/expressjs/express)
+ [webrtc-signal-http](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http)
+ [webrtc-signal-http-heartbeat](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http-heartbeat)
+ [webrtc-signal-http-capacity](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http-capacity)
+ [webrtc-signal-http-peer-identification](https://github.com/KanishkT123/webrtc-signal-http-peer-identification)
+ [webrtc-signal-http-publisher](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http-publisher)
+ [passport](https://github.com/jaredhanson/passport)
+ [passport-azure-ad](https://github.com/AzureAD/passport-azure-ad)

## Getting started

This implementation supports the following configuration settings, controlled via environment variables:

+ `PORT` - the port to start the server on
+ `WEBRTC_CORS` - boolean flag indicating if cors should allow wildcard access, or no cors headers. By default, no cors headers are present
+ `WEBRTC_SIGNAL_LOGGING` - boolean flag indicating if [bunyan](https://github.com/trentm/node-bunyan) logging should be enabled
+ `WEBRTC_HEARTBEAT_ENABLED` - boolean flag indicating if [webrtc-signal-http-heartbeat](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http-heartbeat) should be enabled
+ `WEBRTC_HEARTBEAT_MS` - (requires heartbeat) number of `ms` after which a client is marked as stale and removed if they have not issued a `GET /heartbeat`
+ `WEBRTC_HEARTBEAT_GC_MS` - (requires heartbeat) number of `ms` at which the stale clients are "garbage collected" and removed
+ `WEBRTC_AUTH_ENABLED` - boolean flag indicating if [passport-azure-ad](https://github.com/AzureAD/passport-azure-ad) should be enabled
+ `WEBRTC_AUTH_B2C_APP_ID` - Azure AD B2C application id. required if auth is enabled
+ `WEBRTC_AUTH_B2C_TENANT_ID` - Azure AD B2C tenant id. required if auth is enabled
+ `WEBRTC_AUTH_B2C_POLICY_NAME` - Azure AD B2C policy name. likely `b2c_1_signup`. required if auth is enabled
+ `WEBRTC_AUTH_APP_ID` - Azure AD application id. required if auth is enabled
+ `WEBRTC_AUTH_TENANT_ID` - Azure AD tenant id. required if auth is enabled
+ `WEBRTC_CAPACITY_ENABLED` - boolean flag indicating if [webrtc-signal-http-capacity](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http-capacity) should be enabled
+ `WEBRTC_RECOGNITION_ENABLED` - boolean flag indicating if [webrtc-signal-http-peer-identification](https://github.com/KanishkT123/webrtc-signal-http-peer-identification) should be enabled
+ `WEBRTC_PEERID_RESPECT_CAPACITY` - hands out peers such that capacity reported by the [webrtc-signal-http-capacity](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http-capacity) plugin is respected
+ `WEBRTC_PEERID_PAIRING` - pairs clients to servers. if `WEBRTC_PEERID_RESPECT_CAPACITY` is set, capacity will be considered, otherwise 1:1 pairings will be used
+ `WEBRTC_PUBLISH_STATE` - boolean flag indicating if [webrtc-signal-http-publisher](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http-publisher) should be enabled
+ `WEBRTC_PUBLISH_URI` - uri to publish state of the world as-per [webrtc-signal-http-publisher](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http-publisher)
+ `WEBRTC_TRUST_PROXY` - boolean flag indicating that the proxy should be trusted, and the 'x-forwarded-for' header should be used to discover ip. If you need ip data, and are on Azure, you need this.

## RESTful API

See:

+ [webrtc-signal-http](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http)
+ [webrtc-signal-http-heartbeat](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http-heartbeat)
+ [webrtc-signal-http-capacity](https://github.com/bengreenier/webrtc-signal-http-capacity)

Our API is simply those APIs combined, with this added requirement:

All requests must have a valid `Authorization: Bearer <token>` header if `WEBRTC_AUTH_ENABLED` is `true`. See [the AzureAD docs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/active-directory-protocols-oauth-code) to learn how to acquire one.

## Docker

Building: `docker build -t 3dtoolkit-signal .`
Running: `docker run --rm -it -p 3000:3000 3dtoolkit-signal`

## License

MIT
